Wait a minute.
Fu Bin, didn't you come to buy medicine too?
Buy it quickly, shouldn't it be because we are all here?
Come on. Of course I want to buy herbs.
Then buy it quickly.
By the way, if you can't afford it, you have to eat it early.
We are one of the largest pharmaceutical stores in Jiangcheng
Of course, this price is also one of the most expensive
If you can't afford it
Let's find him again
So as not to be ashamed
Dark prescription
Then if you can't pay the bill
Isn't it where
Why don't we make a bet?
Okay, this bet is easy
If I can afford the herbs in the direction I want
Just kneel down and kowtow to me and admit your mistake
If I can't afford it
How about I kowtow to you and admit my mistake?
Dare to These medicinal materials are initially estimated at more than 300,000
Ok I blocked
It's just medicine.
It's so expensive
300,000 is not a small number
You still don't want it.
If a big man talks and farts
That's easy to say.
Sister Zhu
I didn't say anything.
This is what he wants to bet with me
These ingredients cost a total of 405,618 yuan
Well, I'll give you a discount.
400,000 actually 400,000
Go to the checkout
Hey, if you can't pay the bill
Then get on your knees